Imran Khan
Why did you choose this career?

What are your greatest achievements?

Talk about your achievement to get increasing the sales and in development

What is your motivating factor in life ?

Who is your role model & why?

Do you think you are an organized person?

What do you think about improvement areas?

What do you think is creativity & Innovation?

Tell me about the toughest decision you had to make in the last six months?

Do you face any problems in your current role?

Was your work criticized?

How do you handle Criticism?

How do you handle stress?

Describe me your dream job?

How would you be an asset to our company?

How important is work-life balance to you?

What do you expect from our company?
A Positive Work Environment. ...
Appreciation. ...
Work-Life Integration. ...
Trust and Respect. ...
Transparency and Communication. ...
Flexibility and Meaningful Benefit

Five years down the line, where do you see yourself?
After 5 years, I see myself as a valuable employee and a more knowledgeable person contributing to the growth of the company. I wish to become an expert in my field and take up a bigger role in the company.

What is success ?

How do you feel about working overtime or at odd hours?

Describe your ideal boss or supervisor?

What makes you unique?
I'm not afraid of failure. In fact, I think it is an essential part of the experimental process that gets you to success.
When solving problems, I apply both logical and emotional aspects in equal proportion.
Working at a startup gave me an opportunity to understand the ins and outs of the industry, and to take on tasks I might not have at a larger company. I think this experience gives me a slight edge over other applicants."


SakshiDubey
"Introduction, 

wind up business

    I am passionate about my work. ...
    I am ambitious and driven. ...
    I am highly organised. ...
    I am a people person. ...
    I am a natural leader. ...
    I am result oriented. ...
    I am an excellent communicator.

What is your motivating factor in life?
Self-mastery and growth and the Current situation

Who is your role model & why?
My role model is my father because he takes care of me very well when I am in trouble, confused and in tension. He just says that do what your heart says. He never said no to me whenever I ask for something. He inspired me a lot

How much do you rate tech skills on a scale le of 1-10?
I will rate myself 8 out of 10 because there should be room left for putting in more effort That thought will create an interest in learning things. 

What do you think about improvement areas?
out programming and tech skills and others also can talk

What do you do to improve your skillset?

Do you think you are an organized person?
I am a very organized and thorough person, which I think contributes to my success. Yes, I use several online and desktop tools to stay organized. On Monday of each week, I review my calendar and highlight the key things I need to accomplish. I like to plan my daily, weekly, and long-term work projects carefully.

Strengths
    Entrepreneurial      Detail-oriented
    Collaborative     Creative
    Empathetic    Passionate    Problem solver
    Flexible    Patient    Honest
    Dedicated    Positive    Able to lead
Expert in a particular skill or software

Weaknesses
Short-term goals and long-term goals.

What are short and long-term goals examples?
An example of a short-term goal is to increase your advertising budget each month for the next three months. An example of a long-term business goal that the short-term goal helps achieve is to double business revenue by the end of the fiscal year


Why should a company hire you?
I have all the skills and experience listed in the job description, and I'm confident that I can make an immediate impact on your company
I understand your job description and I have good knowledge, quick learner, improve my communication skills, I'm trying to be at the best level I do the best value and your company's growth.

What is the difference between learning and Helping? 
Fb vs LinkedIn? work ethics."





Medium Rashmi Dembra

Intro
Hi, my name is Roshan I am from Nagpur Maharashtra I have completed my engg in 2011 after I worked for around 2 years as a tester in persistence and also started teaching tech, I started my small startup software with a few members where we have education and healthcare domain to provide the product which can help in the health care sector. I ran the setup for around 7 years we were in like stable state but because of the pandemic, we have to wind the setup. side by side also do another business as a service provider to mechanical org but I feel the org not giving us chance to grow so that is  why I took the decision to look for new opportunities and again build the new empire I would say 

What are your role & responsibilities?

What makes you want to join NS?

How is your journey so far?

What are you learning till now?

How many HR mocks are given?

What are the learnings from your mocks?

Strengths & weaknesses
Task Given 
Strengths 
    Entrepreneurial      Detail-oriented
    Collaborative     Creative
    Empathetic    Passionate    Problem solver
    Flexible    Patient    Honest
    Dedicated    Positive    Able to lead
Expert in a particular skill or software

Weaknesses.
persistent and Strong willed


Where do you want to see yourself in the next 2 yrs?

In the next five years, I would see myself as a person with more knowledge and experience and which will improve my skills and enhance my knowledge I think that working in your organization will improve my experience and expertise.

What are the 3 best qualities you have?
Confidence. ..Excellent Communication Skills.
Work Experience.Growth Mindset...Innovative Ideas ..Leadership Potential.
..Be Honest and Have Integrity

What are 3 things you are looking for from your job?

What makes you unique compared to others
I really enjoy learning new things and am constantly seeking out new learning opportunities

Working at a startup gave me an opportunity to understand the ins and outs of the industry, and to take on tasks I might not have at a larger company. I think this experience gives me a slight edge over other applicants.
I'm not afraid of failure. In fact, I think it is an essential part of the experimental process that gets you to success. 

Difficult situation?

Demotivated situation ? explain our situation

Resume walkthrough 

Feedback
Q&A

